fix 401 statusCode (#57)
fastify/fastify-auth: README.md

})
```

> The difference between the two approaches is that if you use the `preHandler` the authentication will run just for the selected route, while if you use the `preHandler` hook the authentication will run for all the routes declared inside the current plugin (and its sons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between the two approaches is that if you use the route level `preHandler` function the authentication will run just for the selected route. Whereas if you use the `preHandler` hook the authentication will run for all the routes declared inside the current plugin (and its descendants).
```
